Psalm 123 song of a sense unto you I
Psalm 123 song of a sense unto you I lift up my eyes o you who dwell in the
lift up my eyes o you who dwell in the
lift up my eyes o you who dwell in the heavens
heavens
heavens behold as the eyes of servants looked to
behold as the eyes of servants looked to
behold as the eyes of servants looked to the hand of their masters as the eyes of
the hand of their masters as the eyes of
the hand of their masters as the eyes of a maid to the hand of her mistress so
a maid to the hand of her mistress so
a maid to the hand of her mistress so our eyes look to the Lord our God until
our eyes look to the Lord our God until
our eyes look to the Lord our God until he has mercy on us have mercy on us
he has mercy on us have mercy on us
he has mercy on us have mercy on us oh lord have mercy on us for we are
oh lord have mercy on us for we are
oh lord have mercy on us for we are exceedingly filled with contempt
exceedingly filled with contempt
exceedingly filled with contempt our soul is exceedingly filled with the
our soul is exceedingly filled with the
our soul is exceedingly filled with the scorn of those who are at ease with the
scorn of those who are at ease with the
scorn of those who are at ease with the contempt of the crowd
contempt of the crowd
contempt of the crowd [Music]